it's a lot of great frogs who brought a
lot of beautiful ladies many of which
are our big supporters of amfAR I've
been to many amfAR dollars through the
last through the past eight years and
you know it's an incredible organization
to support and it's amazing
it's pretty crazy but it's great it's a
wonderful organization and I think they
do incredible work I've never actually
been to this event but very happy to be
it means a lot you know obviously I love
kind of belief believing in something
and supporting so and I believe in and I
love these sponsors the event and I also
this has been such an ongoing situation
for so many years that you know I feel
like we should never give up so I'm
happy that this has been one of the
historical charities that have proven
just that
you know what the the getting ready part
is the sucky part for me but actually
being there and and and enjoying the
show and seeing my friends and and
partying my butt off is enjoyable
yeah I'm performing tonight so I really
want to do a good job and I think it's
um it's gonna be quite an impressive
room so I think you know attention on
Celebrity is fine but I think attention
on causes that need attention is way
better and more important and so it's
wonderful to have all these people here
supporting a cause and everybody showing
up and it's extraordinarily important
it's fun it's glamorous and you see a
lot of old friends and it's really it's
a yearly celebration to bring people
together we're trying to do good things
in the world so I'm very grateful to be
a part of it
you